# CS-230
Operating Platforms

Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? With this project, the client was the Gaming Room who had a game called Draw It or Lose It. They wanted the game, Draw It or Lose It to designed to where each game, team, and player be different to avoid copies of one another. The client requested specific recommendations for the operating platform the server should use, as well which development tools would work best for game production. Overall, the Gaming Room wanted to improve the funcationality of the game while also expandng the game onto other platforms in which could allow single or multi players. 

What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? With my design template, I feel that I did a great job developing the design document. I kept it simple, informable, and straight to the point across. I wanted my template to include my professional opinion followed by key benficial points as to why I believe Windows would be the best operating platform for the game, Draw it or Lose it. My template shows aedequate information on the operating platform and how the company would benefit from my template.

What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? I found the most the UML diagrams to be most helpful in my opinion. The UML diagram is a great example of what end goal is as well as how to reach those goals to create a successful program. 

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? If I could chose one part of my work to revise, I would chose the chart that compares different operating systems. I believe that it wasa the section of the template that maybe I provided too much information. Maybe overkill on inforamtion instead of being straight to point with each operating system. I fear that by providing too much information would cause the client to be over informed with inforamtion that they maybe did not need to begin with.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I interpreted the user's needs as a player of the game or end user. I wanted to make sure that the software met my own personal standards. By looking at it through this lens, I was able to put the users needs into consideration on a level that I knew would benefit the design and the users who may be on a different operating system.

How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? I approached the design of this software with the users in mind as most important. Even though the majority of this program was supplied in this course, it was very important for me to read and understand the code. I was able to put my focus on the documentation as well as the funtionality, needs of the game as well as memmory,security and maintenence of the system.
